Senior Web Developer
BrainStation23
laravel
api
backend
mysql
 Dhaka


Job Description
We are looking for some experienced developer who has solid hands-on experience at least 4 years of experience in Node.js/React and in the last 3 years hands-on experience in cloud infra. You will be responsible for the maintenance, development, and deployment of applications. Your primary focus will be leading a team (s) and developing high-end applications based on Node.js by following proper architecture patterns and best practices. Therefore, must have very good communication skills, solution designing & documentation and nice to have data analytics & Salesforce CRM. Quick learner, able to assess new tools & technologies, do POCs and help in key decisions and requirements grooming.



Bitcoin
Bitcoin
BTC
XBT
 Remote
Job Description
Bitcoin (abbreviation: BTC; sign: ₿) is a decentralized digital currency that can be transferred on the peer-to-peer bitcoin network.[5] Bitcoin transactions are verified by network nodes through cryptography and recorded in a public distributed ledger called a blockchain. The cryptocurrency was invented in 2008 by an unknown person or group of people using the name Satoshi Nakamoto.[10] The currency began use in 2009,[11] when its implementation was released as open-source software.[



Gameify sleep to improve millions of lives
Sleepagotchi
free NFTs
crypto tokens
Web3 Game
 Free
Job Description
Sleepagotchi Gameify sleep to improve millions of lives Sleepagotchi is an app that rewards users for keeping a consistent sleep schedule with free NFTs and crypto tokens called SHEEP. Users get 1 Free NFT every morning, and 2 Free NFTs if they slept well.



ZELF- The Bank Of Metaverse
ZELF
USDT
USDC
ETH
20+ tokens
 N/A
Job Description
ZELF anonymous debit card with crypto VISA card with Apple Pay & Google Pay in 30 seconds Get a Free NFT when you join from friend’s link Safe P2P trading of your game items for real money'



RobinHood Crypto
RobinHood
(AVAX)
BNB)
(USDC)
(DOGE)
 Remote
Job Description
Get Avalanche (AVAX), Binance Coin (BNB), U.S. Dollar Coin (USDC) etc at the lowest prices Zero-fee cryptocurrency trading from Robinhood Robinhood Crypto is a new, fee-free cryptocurrency exchange from Robinhood. Launched in Fintech, Web3 by Robinhood



Send and receive targeted, paid microtasks
21 Lists
post gig
get paid
 $7/year
Job Description
Send and receive targeted, paid microtasks